Backup lost key: apply troubleshooting style (#317)
NabuCasa/support: content/src/cloud/troubleshooting-cloud-backup/backup-cant-find-encryption-key.md

  labels: cloud
---

## Symptom

> You have [Home Assistant Cloud backup enabled](/hc/en-us/articles/26294320337181-Enabling-a-cloud-backup) in Home Assistant and you now want to restore your Home Assistant using the backup you have stored on Home Assistant Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have [Home Assistant Cloud backup enabled](/hc/en-us/articles/26294320337181-Enabling-a-cloud-backup) in Home Assistant and you now want to restore your Home Assistant using the backup you have uploaded to Home Assistant Cloud.
```
